Remove startup.sh; update Readme; cleanup old docs (#946)
alphagov/licence-finder: README.md

# Licence Finder

> Licence Finder is a public facing app that provides the pages that follow https://www.gov.uk/licence-finder (which is served by [frontend][]), specifically starting at https://www.gov.uk/licence-finder/sectors.

Reviewer: I was surprised to see that this resource is both published and rendered by Licence Finder - I thought only Whitehall did both! Perhaps this introduction can be more informative?

```suggestion
Licence Finder is a service that takes business and activity types and suggests licences you may need to apply for. Its content is published to Publishing API via rake tasks, as it has no admin interface; data is held in the repo as CSVs. Licence Finder renders the frontend of its pages, starting at https://www.gov.uk/licence-finder/sectors. Note that the [start page](https://www.gov.uk/licence-finder) is served by [Frontend][].
```

Reviewer 2: Here's another [frontend publishing app](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend/blob/master/lib/special_route_publisher.rb#L21-L84) @ChrisBAshton  😬

Author: Nope, not just Whitehall by a long shot I'm afraid. Nearly all the frontend apps do it - I think there's maybe 2 that don't: https://trello.com/c/hJVUjqbs/197-frontend-apps-publish-content-items-to-publishing-api 

Thanks for the improved description @ChrisBAshton - I've used some of it. I didn't include the Publishing API bit as it didn't seem to capture the situation right, and given it's common, seems unusual to note. I didn't include the CSV data as that seemed misleading given that most of the data is used to populate MongoDB with perhaps a small part used at runtime.

[frontend]: https://github.com/alphagov/frontend

## Technical documentation

This is a Ruby on Rails app, and should follow [our Rails app conventions](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/conventions-for-rails-applications.html).

You can use the [GOV.UK Docker environment](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker) to run the application and its tests with all the necessary dependencies. Follow [the usage instructions](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker#usage) to get started.

**Use GOV.UK Docker to run any commands that follow.**

## Before running the app

The first time you run this application in development you will want to populate the search index. This can be done with the following command:

```

> bundle exec rake search:index

Author: That's a good idea. I've opened this in: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker/pull/486

The first time you run this application in development you will want to populate the search index. This can be done with the following command:

    bundle exec rake licence_migrate

### Running the application

Using bowler on the VM from cd /var/govuk/development/:

```
bowl licencefinder
```

If you are using the GDS development virtual machine then the application will be available on the host at http://licencefinder.dev.gov.uk/licence-finder

#### Without using the VM

Licence Finder can be run against the live Content Store and Search API, however it needs local instances of Elasticsearch and MongoDB.

You can use docker to create these:

```
docker run -d -p 9200:9200 -e "discovery.type=single-node" --name licence-finder-elasticsearch docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.8.0
docker run -d -p 27017-27019:27017-27019 --name licence-finder-mongodb mongo:latest
bundle exec rake search:index
```

Import the data and start the application:
### Running the test suite

```
export ELASTICSEARCH_URI='http://localhost:9200/'
export MONGODB_URI='mongodb://localhost/'

> bundle exec rake data_import:all

Reviewer: I worry that we may be losing some useful documentation here, as we're removing this content from the README but not removing the `data_import:all` task itself, which would otherwise be left undocumented.

Perhaps we could move this to a separate `docs/live-data.md`, and an introduction added to it which basically caveats it with "this task is unreliable and may hang"?

Author: It seems a bit of a can of worms to try do anything with this documentation since the expectation is that the task won't work for the user. 

I'm happy for it to be documented just by what's provided with the rake task. I'm not expecting anyone to really run it though, it'd seem far easier to export a database dump.

bundle exec rake search:index
./startup.sh --live
bundle exec rake
```

The application will be available at http://localhost:3014

### Publishing to GOV.UK
## Licence

> - `bundle exec rake publishing_api:publish` will send the licence finder pages to the publishing-api.

Author: I don't think it's particularly necessary, it feels like if it just needs a single line of documentation that should be in the rake task description. I'll improve the description on that.
